just saying is our big moment sing it
again you'll get to hear all these
different musical genres in one song
they just will start working with Lully
to create all this music has just been a
dream you went into my studio with Max
Martin and Sara Aaron's incredible abuse
or songwriter we kind of knew we had to
write a song that was for everyone
so we have ton of artists come in and
see what everyone can bring with their
unique voices
[Music]
first if you're sure I'm still to be
able to work on something like this
where it's all about bringing all those
unique flavors together and make it
something different we directed a gospel
choir we came to this conclusion in
writing a song that did that like
everything is derived from God the choir
was probably 30 people they sounded like
[Music]
yeah you have centers like that you
don't have to do much director when you
hear this music in the movie it will
feel like a concert I don't know how
we're gonna top this
[Music]
you